Select the purple Y in the left
Grip the green Z in the bottom left
Pick the red X in the bottom
Take this object
Yeah. the blue W in the bottom of the board and  right of the gripper
Take the red U in the bottom left
Yeah. the blue W in the bottom
Yeah. the red X in the bottom of the board and  left of the gripper
Yeah. the red X in the bottom
Stop. Move a bit right
No. Move a bit up
Select the gray I in the bottom right
Yeah. a red U in the bottom left of the board and below left of the gripper
Grip the red U in the bottom left
Yeah. a red U in the bottom left of the board and above right of the gripper
Look for a red X in the bottom of the board and above  the gripper
Grip the gray I in the bottom right
No. Move a bit right
Yeah
Yeah. the gray I in the bottom right of the board and below  the gripper
Yeah. the gray I in the bottom right of the board and below right of the gripper
Take a green Z in the bottom left
Pick the red U in the bottom left
Yeah. a blue W in the bottom of the board and below left of the gripper
Yeah. the blue N in the top right of the board and above left of the gripper
Take the red F in the bottom right
Select the red U in the bottom left
Select the green V
Look for the green V
Look for a blue N in the top right of the board and above left of the gripper
Yeah. a gray I in the bottom right of the board and above  the gripper
Get the green V
No. Move right
Stop. Move a bit down
Pick  the L
Yeah. a red U in the bottom left of the board and above left of the gripper
No. Go down
No. Move up
Select this object
Look for a red U in the bottom left of the board and above right of the gripper
Move left
Look for the red F in the bottom right
Move down
Go right
Stop. Go up
Pick the red F in the bottom right
Pick a blue W in the bottom
Take the L
Get the blue N in the top right
Move a bit left
Get the L
Stop. Move left
Look for a blue W in the bottom of the board and below left of the gripper
Yeah. the gray I in the bottom right of the board and above right of the gripper
Grip the purple X
Grip a red X in the bottom
Get a red U in the bottom left
Take a gray I in the bottom right
Stop. Go right
Take the green Z in the bottom left
Grip the blue N in the top right
Select the purple X
No. Move left
Take the purple X
Yeah. the green Z in the bottom left of the board and below  the gripper
Get a green Z in the bottom left
Welcome! I'm Matthew. Let's pick up some Pentomino pieces together. The first task is just for warming up before we get to the study
Pick a red X in the bottom
Look for a green Z in the bottom left of the board and  left of the gripper
Take the blue N in the top right
Get the blue W in the bottom
Grip a green Z in the bottom left
Stop. Move right
Get the gray I in the bottom right
Get the green Z in the bottom left
Pick the purple X
No. Go right
Take the purple Y in the left
Look for a gray I in the bottom right of the board and below right of the gripper
Look for a red U in the bottom left of the board and below  the gripper
Pick this object
Yeah. a red X in the bottom of the board and above  the gripper
Select the yellow P
Take the blue W in the bottom
Stop. Go a bit up
Not these ones. Look for another one
Not this direction
Select a gray I in the bottom right
Stop. Go a bit right
Get the purple Y in the left
Take the yellow P
Select the blue W in the bottom
Yeah. the blue N in the top right of the board and  left of the gripper
Pick a green Z in the bottom left
Grip a blue N in the top right
Yeah. a red U in the bottom left of the board and below  the gripper
Select a green Z in the bottom left
Pick a gray I in the bottom right
Not there
Go left
Pick the gray I in the bottom right
Take the green V
Look for a green Z in the bottom left of the board and below left of the gripper
No. Go a bit down
Yeah. the red U in the bottom left of the board and below right of the gripper
Select a red X in the bottom
Look for the purple Y in the left
Move around using the arrow keys and select an object using space or enter. You have 3 tries to get the correct piece
Yeah. the red X in the bottom of the board and above right of the gripper
Pick the purple Y in the left
Grip a blue W in the bottom
Yeah. a green Z in the bottom left of the board and below left of the gripper
Look for a red X in the bottom of the board and  left of the gripper
Stop. Move a bit up
Look for a gray I in the bottom right of the board and above right of the gripper
Yeah. the red U in the bottom left of the board and  right of the gripper
Select the red F in the bottom right
Yeah. the red X in the bottom of the board and above  the gripper
Select the L
Select the green Z in the bottom left
Yeah. a gray I in the bottom right of the board and above left of the gripper
Stop. Move a bit left
No. Move a bit down
Stop. Go left
No. Move down
Yeah. the red U in the bottom left of the board and  left of the gripper
Yeah. a blue W in the bottom of the board and  left of the gripper
Pick a red U in the bottom left
Yeah. the gray I in the bottom right of the board and above  the gripper
Go up
Yeah. a gray I in the bottom right of the board and below right of the gripper
Yeah. a red X in the bottom of the board and above right of the gripper
Look for a red X in the bottom of the board and  right of the gripper
Yeah. the red U in the bottom left of the board and below  the gripper
Look for a red X in the bottom
Pick the yellow P
Pick the blue N in the top right
Get this object
Look for the  L
No. Move a bit left
Take the gray I in the bottom right
Get the yellow P
Yeah. this one
Yeah. the green Z in the bottom left
Yeah. the blue N in the top right of the board and  right of the gripper
No
Look for a red U in the bottom left of the board and below left of the gripper
Take a blue W in the bottom
Move a bit down
That was incorrect
Yeah. the blue W in the bottom of the board and  left of the gripper
Grip the blue W in the bottom
Yeah. a red U in the bottom left of the board and  left of the gripper
Move right
Grip the L
Pick the blue W in the bottom
Go a bit up
Yeah. the red X in the bottom of the board and above left of the gripper
Select the T
Get a red X in the bottom
Yeah. the red U in the bottom left
Yeah. a red X in the bottom of the board and below  the gripper
Yeah. the green Z in the bottom left of the board and above left of the gripper
Grip a red U in the bottom left
Get a gray I in the bottom right
Go a bit down
Grip the red X in the bottom
No. Go a bit up
Take the red X in the bottom
Thank you for participating. Have a nice day
Yes, there
Stop. Go a bit down
Take the T
Get the T
Grip the red F in the bottom right
Grip the yellow P
Grip the purple Y in the left
Go down
Yeah. a blue N in the top right of the board and above right of the gripper
Stop. Move up
Pick a blue N in the top right
Get the red U in the bottom left
Grip the T
No. Go left
Yeah. the red X in the bottom of the board and  right of the gripper
Stop. Go down
Go a bit left
Get a blue N in the top right
No. Go a bit right
Stop. Move down
Get the purple X
Get a blue W in the bottom
Look for a blue W in the bottom of the board and  left of the gripper
Pick the T
Look for the  T
No. Go up
Move a bit up
Yeah. the red U in the bottom left of the board and below left of the gripper
Select a red U in the bottom left
Take a blue N in the top right
Yeah. the blue N in the top right of the board and above  the gripper
Move up
Look for the purple X
Look for a gray I in the bottom right
Stop. Go a bit left
Yeah. the red U in the bottom left of the board and above  the gripper
Yeah. the blue N in the top right of the board and above right of the gripper
Grip the green V
Select the blue N in the top right
Select a blue N in the top right
Look for a gray I in the bottom right of the board and above  the gripper
Grip a gray I in the bottom right
Select the red X in the bottom
Look for the yellow P
Look for a red U in the bottom left of the board and  left of the gripper
Not this one. Look for another one
Select a blue W in the bottom
Get the red X in the bottom
Take a red X in the bottom
No. Go a bit left
Take a red U in the bottom left
Yeah. the red U in the bottom left of the board and above right of the gripper
Go a bit right
Yeah. a green Z in the bottom left of the board and  left of the gripper
Yes, this direction
Grip this object
Get the red F in the bottom right
Yeah. a blue W in the bottom of the board and  right of the gripper
Pick the green V
Move a bit right
Pick the green Z in the bottom left
Yeah. the green Z in the bottom left of the board and below right of the gripper
Yeah the purple X
Look for a blue W in the bottom
Look for a red F in the bottom right
Yeah. the gray I in the bottom right of the board and  right of the gripper
Yeah. a gray I in the bottom right of the board and below  the gripper
Look for a gray I in the bottom right of the board and below  the gripper
Look for a blue W in the bottom
Yeah. the gray I in the bottom right of the board and  right of the gripper
Yeah. a gray I in the bottom right of the board and below  the gripper
Look for a gray I in the bottom right of the board and below  the gripper
Yeah. the gray I in the bottom right of the board and  left of the gripper
Look for a gray I in the bottom right of the board and below left of the gripper
Look for a gray I in the bottom right of the board and below left of the gripper
Yeah. the gray I in the bottom right of the board and  left of the gripper
Look for a gray I in the bottom right of the board and below left of the gripper
Look for a gray I in the bottom right of the board and below left of the gripper
Yeah. the gray I in the bottom right of the board and  left of the gripper
Look for a red U in the bottom left
Look for a red U in the bottom left
Look for the blue N in the top right of the board and above  the gripper
Yeah. the green Z in the bottom left of the board and  left of the gripper
Look for the green Z in the bottom left of the board and  left of the gripper
Yeah. the green Z in the bottom left of the board and above  the gripper
Not this one. Look for the green Z in the bottom left
Yeah. the green Z in the bottom left of the board and above right of the gripper
Yeah. a green Z in the bottom left of the board and below right of the gripper
Yeah. a green Z in the bottom left of the board and below  the gripper
Yeah. the green Z in the bottom left of the board and below left of the gripper
Look for the green Z in the bottom left
Not this one. Look for the green Z in the bottom left
Look for the blue W in the bottom of the board and  left of the gripper IGView.js:410:13
Look for a blue N in the top right of the board and above right of the gripper IGView.js:410:13
Look for the green Z in the bottom left of the board and below  the gripper
Yes
Yes, this way
